Let's open style bindings 4 dot html. I gave
the wrong number to the file actually but
it's OK.
Here we have a progress bar and a range input.
Now what we have to do here is increasing the progress
bar when we drug the range from left to the right
or vice versa.
All right let's go to our editor and open style
bindings 4 dot html. Here what do we
need to change
is the css with property dynamically and we need
to perform style bindings here and maybe we also
need to change the text here.
The first thing we're going to do is to bind this
range input and we can define a property inside
the data property.
So let's define data and inside it let's define with and let's
set zero by default. Next let's perform model binding
to the input by adding v-model
equals with
then style binding the progress bar
pass an object as argument
here
let's define with css property
and for the value we can take from with
property concatenated with percent.
So again for css property we can write it like this
or use quotation marks like this
but it's not mandatory as long as the css property
is in one word. Then here we can show the with as
a text
OK let's save
and have a look.
Now if we try dragging the range input as you can see
the width of the progress bar changes or increasing
as you see in here.
Its value will be in sync with the value of the range and input.
Next
let's open style bindings 4 dot html
here we have a heading
then below that we have some style options that we
can apply to this heading. OK let's go back to our
editor then open
style bindings 5 dot html. AS you can see
here we have several select elements
then in data property
there are several css style definitions style 1 background
white, style 2 color black, style 3 border
2 pixels and style 4 text transformation.
Now what we have to do here is apply these
four styles dynamically to the heading.
So the first thing that we need to do here is to bind the four styles
to the select elements here.
So let's make selection to all select opening tags
once selected we can add v-model
then pass in each style.
Let's start from style 1
here we need to change the background color property.
Then for style 2 we can bind the color property
Then for the style 3 we can bind to the border property
and the last
for the style 4 we can bind to text transform property.
So what we do here is to dynamically
change the values of each style.
Next let's apply its style to this heading element.
Here we add style binding
pass an array as argument and inside the array we just add
style 1, style 2
style 3 and style 4
So all these styles will be merged into one css
style definition and apply to the heading save.
Now let's try to change the background color to red, green
and blue.
Then for the text color let's change to white or yellow.
For border we can also change for example to 4 pixels,
8 pixels. For the text  let's try to change to capitalize, uppercase
and lowercase.
OK that's all about style bindings.
I'll see you in the next lesson.